ZYancey/32-BasicDBSchema (#47)
BYU-CS-Discord/CSBot: README.md

DISCORD_TOKEN=YOUR_TOKEN_GOES_HERE
# required, token for your Discord bot

> DATABASE_URL=YOUR_DATABASE_URL_GOES_HERE

Reviewer: Adding an extra newline here to make clearer what the comments are referring to

```suggestion

DATABASE_URL=YOUR_DATABASE_URL_GOES_HERE
```

You must have [Git for Windows](https://git-scm.com/download/win) installed. See this [StackOverflow answer](https://stackoverflow.com/a/46006249) for more details.

> ### Build the bot database

Reviewer: Please add this section to the Table of Contents

*As we use prisma for managing our DB it is up to you what relational database framework you use.*

[The following is a guide to setting up Postgres inside a docker container.](https://github.com/docker-library/docs/blob/master/postgres/README.md) While the choice of database is up to you, the instructions for getting started in this guide assume you are using a postgres docker image. 

> After you have Postgres (or your DB of choice) up and running edit the line in your .env file to be 

Reviewer: Is this newline meant to start a separate paragraph? GitHub renders this as one paragraph:

![Screen Shot 2022-10-09 at 10 19 44](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1500092/194767900-538ddd90-a834-4544-9044-7983c477f4df.png)

```suggestion

After you have Postgres (or your DB of choice) up and running edit the line in your .env file to be 
```

> After you have Postgres (or your DB of choice) up and running edit the line in your .env file to be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have Postgres (or your DB of choice) up and running, edit this line in your `.env` file:
```

```
DATABASE_URL=postgres://pg_user:pg_pass@pg_host:pg_port/pg_table
# required for any DB functionality, we will get this URL in a later section
```
- pg_user  = The Username you set in your POSTGRES_USER environment variable (default postgres)

> - pg_pass  = The Password you set in your POSTGRES_PASS environment variable (default postgres)

Reviewer: Are these environment variables meant to go in the local `.env` file, or are they defined on the Postgres server? Should users include `POSTGRES_USER` and `POSTGRES_PASS` as separate entries in this local `.env` file, or should all of that be in `DATABASE_URL`?

Are these listed here only to explain the contents of `DATABASE_URL`? If so, would it not be easier to rewrite the example `DATABASE_URL` variable to use inline placeholders, like so:
```sh
DATABASE_URL=postgres://{USERNAME}:{PASSWORD}@{HOST}:{PORT}/pg_table
```

Also, Prisma operates on multiple tables, doesn't it? Would specifying one in the connection URL break things?

Reviewer 2: I believe those 2 lines are just to explain the connection string, you still end up with just the db url in your.

postgresql://<username>:<password>@<hostname>:<port>/<database> is the format for the connection string, so the pg_table variable indicates the database with multiple tables, not just a single table. However, it should probably be changed to pg_db or something similar to properly indicate that.

- ph_host  = The IP of the server running your Postgres instance (default localhost)
- pg_port  = The Port assigned to your Postgres instance (default 5432)
- pg_table = The Name of the table you wish to use for the bot

> The first time you run this project you can run the following command to initialize the database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first time you run this project, you should run the following command to initialize the database:
```

```

> $ npm run prisma:generate

Reviewer: The `prisma:generate` script only generates types at dev time. `npm ci` or `npm install` do the same thing, since Prisma also generates types during client install.

I think you mean `npm run baseline`, which ~~is~~ will be set up to run `prisma migrate resolve` with a set of tables with which to initialize the database, as a... baseline.

```suggestion
$ npm run baseline
```

```

> Migrations can be run on the Database with the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrations can be run on the Database with the following command:
```

## Commands

### /help
Prints the list of commands.

> ### /profile
> Prints the profile picture of the given user.
> ### /xkcd
> Prints the a specified XKCD comic or if no input is provided the most recent comic is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### /profile
Prints the profile picture of the given user.

### /xkcd
Prints the a specified XKCD comic or if no input is provided the most recent comic is provided.
```
